***You can turn these captions off using the CC button below
Left! Right! Debate Night!
Welcome back everyone
There's still more surprises in store,
but right now the contestants are playing a round of "I Can Do This!"
And go!
Well, I can do this: phbhphh
Hoo HA! Hoo HA!
Well yeah, I can do this:
"Hep bah heva tubba too-pah peesa, hey hey yeah, everybody sing"
Mmm, I doubt you're quite THAT good
And I assume I can ask you to sing, Mr. Trump?
Okay
I don't want no big, fat, ugly baby
I want a baby on fleek
uhhh, that's really nasty to squash a baby's self-confidence like that
Hey, hey, hey, hey, I have to say: You Suck.
Squawwwkkk
Well, that's just stupid
That is stupid.
We know what that sound means:
Mr. Trump, you've been selected for "Five Favorites"
FIVE FAVORITES! (Cinco Favoritos!)
Let's begin
Will Shatner
Elliott Gould
"cheep"
Raw
Lice
FIVE FAVORITES! (Cinco Favoritos!)
Well done, now Secretary Clinton a bonus question for you::
It says here that you plan to put an appliance into dead blind people
Well, don't think about the appliance
Sometimes everyone has to believe
That is a nonsense answer
It's nothing
Ummm, it makes sense if I say that it does
It's Time to Act!
Get ready everybody, because it's Time to Act!
We'll provide various scenarios and situations
and both contestants will act these out
And Secretary Clinton, you're up first.
Hi Scott
I will NOT give you a thousand; you'll take $25 for this dress
Hey, you can't talk about my friend. Amber makes me presents.
And I think she's good at glitter
Well, I hope you find all your kids, you know i had PLANNED to help you find them
but it's really windy now
Uhhh. wait, this ain't the way to the car!
Uh oh - I can't move - my face is frozen
Well done, Madam Secretary
Now it's time for Mr. Trump to have a spin at the game.
Look, Bill, it's a penguin
But you have an old plane. Santos, look, you have an old plane.
Where are your feathers? Where are your feathers?
Why can't you fly?
Okay
Got it
Hey Rocco.... Rocco, you want a shrimp?
It's not normal shrimp
It's giant
Well maybe not THAT big
It's huge, okay?
There you go! Nice job Mr. Trump
hey guys...
Two up top and two in the saddle
I drank it down, but it's tastes like wood
Why don't you move to Africa?
Yeah move to Africa. I wish that you would because I will never move to that country.
Yeah, she's winning and stuff. Did you catch that?
Woo! Oh yeah!
This is so fun, it's like going back to school in imported shoes and one perfectly matched pantsuit.
I don't want to talk about this, actually,
because it's time for "Honestly Now"
It's a chance for the contestants to share how they really feel about each other up on stage
It's rather vicious, yet a lot of fun too
So, looks like Mr. Trump is up first
Uh oh.
I don't like how you look, I don't like your name, I don't like your anything
Well that is nice, 'cause I just hate you.
And your fuzzy hair is silly
The cute guys like ME have a thing you want
And you know you want to lick my feet
You know you want to lick my feet!
And you should know you're not always so safe!
That's pscycho.... let's call the police because finally Donald said those words.
Yeah, so....
Whoa, I just remembered I've got a dentist appointment so I'm just gonna wrap up right now
and eat my salad before I go
I rung a bell when the homies got hurt, ahhhhhhh
I need no one
Ahhhh, ah ha ha ahhh - DOH!
That's it
We've gots to go!
Left! Right! Debate Night!
Mr Trump, wasn't it you that said that black guys despise nutmeg?
Well, you know, you look at it around the country and maybe they don't use it a lot
Whammy!